📖 Update concepts docs around v1alpha3 (#3522)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/user/concepts.md

### Infrastructure provider

> A source of computational resources, such as compute and networking. For example, cloud Infrastructure Providers include AWS, Azure, and Google, and bare metal Infrastructure Providers include VMware, MAAS, and metal3.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A source of computational resources, such as virtual machines and networking. For example, cloud Infrastructure Providers include AWS, Azure, and Google, and bare metal Infrastructure Providers include VMware, MAAS, and metal3.io.
```
Personally I think that `compute` is a little bit too generic for an example (not blocking)

Author: I suppose technically we could have a provider that interacts with baremetal machines.

Maybe we just go back to `machines` -- honestly reading `Machines` just came off a bit weird since we refer to it throughout the docs when talking about the `Machine` CRD.

Reviewer 2: Agree with @joshrosso in this case. In context, "compute" should be understood ok and covers both virtual and bare metal cleanly.

Reviewer: kk

The control plane is a set of [services](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/#kubernetes-control-plane) that serve the Kubernetes API and continuously reconcile desired state using control loops.

* __Machine-based__ control planes are the most common type. Dedicated machines are provisioned, running [static pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/static-pod/) for components such as [kube-apiserver](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kube-apiserver/), [kube-controller-manager](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kube-controller-manager/) and [kube-scheduler](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kube-scheduler/).

* __Pod-based__ deployments require an external hosting cluster. The control plane components are deployed using standard *Deployment* and *StatefulSet* objects and the API is exposed using a *Service*.

* __External__ control planes are offered and controlled by some system other than Cluster API, such as GKE, AKS, EKS, or IKS.

> As of v1alpha2, __Machine-Based__ is the only control plane type that Cluster API supports. The default provider uses kubeadm to bootstrap the control plane. It exposes the configuration via the `kubeadmcontrolplane` object. The controller, `capi-kubeadm-control-plane-controller-manager`, can then create Machine and BootstrapConfig objects based on the requested replicas in the `kubeadmcontrolplanes` object.

Reviewer: Only one minor concern given that KCP was introduced in v1alpha3, but given the initial sentence, the user might be tricked in assuming it should be there in v1alpha2 as well...

Author: good point :+1:, fixing.

The control plane is a set of [services](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/#kubernetes-control-plane) that serve the Kubernetes API and continuously reconcile desired state using control loops.

* __Machine-based__ control planes are the most common type. Dedicated machines are provisioned, running [static pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/static-pod/) for components such as [kube-apiserver](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kube-apiserver/), [kube-controller-manager](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kube-controller-manager/) and [kube-scheduler](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/kube-scheduler/).

* __Pod-based__ deployments require an external hosting cluster. The control plane components are deployed using standard *Deployment* and *StatefulSet* objects and the API is exposed using a *Service*.

* __External__ control planes are offered and controlled by some system other than Cluster API, such as GKE, AKS, EKS, or IKS.

As of v1alpha2, __Machine-Based__ is the only control plane type that Cluster API supports. 

> As of v1alpha3, the default provider uses kubeadm to bootstrap the control plane. It exposes the configuration via the `kubeadmcontrolplane` object. The controller, `capi-kubeadm-control-plane-controller-manager`, can then create Machine and BootstrapConfig objects based on the requested replicas in the `kubeadmcontrolplanes` object.

Reviewer 2: "As of v1alpha3, the default provider uses kubeadm to bootstrap the control plane"
is kind of misleading because in a sense, we always were using kubeadm to bootstrap the control plane, there was just no "stateful set" type of controller to manage it - you'd create individual machines with kubeadmconfigs and manage the overall control plane yourself.

Author: @randomvariable, great point. 

The latter sentence around `Kubeadmcontrolplane` and `capi-kubeadm-control-plane-controller-manager` was more what I was trying to qualify `v1alpha3` :thinking:. Let me move that qualifier around.

Author: @randomvariable, watchu think about this revision?

Reviewer 2: Think that works.
